From Hanselman it's dot
com. It's Hanselman. It's a
weekly discussion with web developer
and technologist Scott Hanselman posted
by Carl Franklin. This is Lawrence Ryan
announcing show number 30 recorded
Wednesday, August 23rd, 2006. Support for Hanselman
is just provided by COVID
Smith tools, makers of code
Smith and extensible tip the
base code generator for.net Hansel
minutes. Listeners get $100 off
COVID Smith professional with coupon
code H M 100. online@covidsmithtools.com.
Support is also provided by.net
developers journal. The world's leading
dotnet developer magazine online at
www dot  dot com.
In this episode, Scott talks
with Carl about taming Outlook.
Hi, this is Carl Franklin and
you're listening to Hanselman and
some here once again with
Scott Hanselman. And today we're
talking about outlook specifically taming
outlook, right? Scott? Yeah, we've
talked a little bit about
outlook in the past. When
we talked about getting things
done, right? That's the David Allen.
Company's a technique for managing
your life and all that
kind of crap that comes
in, but more and more,
I'm noticing that if there's
one thing in my life
that causes a great deal
of psychic weight, you know,
that sense of things pressing
down on you. It's the
it's when a folder and
outlook turns black and has
a number next to it,
like 5,000 to tell me
that there's all this stuff
sitting there waiting for me
to get done. And that's
your inbox. Yeah, well, yeah,
that's an inbox. Yeah, it's
a problem. I mean a
thousands. I mean, I know,
you know, people like this,
there are guys at work
that have upwards of 10,000
items. They have no folders.
They have just the inbox.
Now I can respect a
guy. Who's got one folder
and uses a search tool.
But if you just have
the inbox and you're pretty
sure that you have a
handle on your life and
you've got 10,000 items there,
you know, how are you
productive? Now? Most of our
listeners are programmers or technical
in some way. So we
all realize that when we
become manual filers, right, just
folks who move stuff around,
you know, those days where
you get to work and
you spend, spend nothing all
day, you know, no time,
all day long, doing anything
but filing stuff. What a
monkey like job that is,
I never do that. You
never do that. You are
you one of the big
folder people. I am. I
use MSN desktop search to
find email. I've completely abandoned
folders in outlook. It's complete
waste of time for me.
You have supplemented it though,
with a search tool. Yes.
And that puts you in
like the top 1% of
users at that point. Right?
It's so much easier. I
don't understand why everybody doesn't
do that so much easier.
So there's a, there's a
very interesting discussion going on.
And I actually, the guy
who wrote a tool named
speed filer guy named itsy,
and he's got a, an
article called the grand unified
theory of everything search versus
filing versus tagging, right? What
is the best way for
us to manage our lives?
Is it search? Is it
filing? Is it tagging? Is
it a little of all
of that? That's at shrink
stir slash H M, Z.
And he has a tool
which is one of three
tools that I want to
talk about specifically today. Each
of these tools is an
add in to outlook. That
adds functionality to outlook in
some way, in some fundamental
way. That is, that is
different than the way outlook
ordinarily use ordinarily works. These
are all very inexpensive tools.
You know, you're talking about
20 bucks, 30 bucks kind
of, kind of a thing.
I wanna go through each
of those tools. So we'll
start with, with Etsy tool.
So his first tool is
called speed filer. It's from
a company called Clara tattooed,
like clarity and attitude, clarity.
It's shrink stir slash H
M w. Now this, this
tool is, is really interesting
because rather than kind of
getting in your face and
saying, all right, here's how
we're setting up outlook, right?
That kind of announcement. When
you start up outlook, like
here's how it's going to
go down after you've installed
it. It's, it's actually very
kind of passive. It's just
there. When you are about
to send a message or
if you choose to let
it, let it get in
your face. When messages arrive
the, the times that I
really use speed filer, and
this is assuming you do
have a folder structure, right?
Even a basic folder structure.
This adds a dialog box.
As you press send that
says, where do you want
this to go? Right? So
you hit send, and then
a dialog box pops up
with the focus cursor with
the, the eye bar cursor,
right on a, on a
text box. And you just
start typing Allah Quicken, you
know, how you get that
auto complete and type in
the beginnings of the name
or something in the middle
of the name of the
folder you want. And then
you hit enter. So if
you've already go control an
address, address, address Ault S
to send you already do
that. This adds a step
after all, as that pops
up the dialogue and says,
where do you want it
to go? So then your
flow would be new message
type type type alt S
couple of letters of the
folder enter, and then things
just get filed. And then
it keeps in the tool
bar kind of a quick
filer. That is the list
of folders that have you
have most recently filed things
too. So then you can
very, very quickly select items
within your inbox and say,
put these over there. So
it's a complete replacement for
the move to folder or
file and folder functionality built
into outlook. It's goal is
a minimal number of mouse
clicks and minimal number of
keyboard actions. Okay. It files
the outgoing messages as you
send them. And it also
makes it easier for you
to find things within folders.
So rather than kind of
futsing around in the, that
folder bar on the left,
right? Cause that's like the
possible way to get somewhere.
Yeah. You know, the little
hierarchy of trees, whether it's
windows, Explorer, outlook, there's just
no slower way to get
somewhere. It has, it adds
up in the toolbar, a
GoTo folder and then a
text box and you just
start typing the name of
the folder and hit enter.
So if you've got a,
like, I haven't, I'm in
banking. If I there's a
folder called Fred's bank, I
type in fr space enter.
And then I'm at Fred's
bank and it takes me
there. So if you've got
a couple of folders, or
if you have a huge
hunt, I've got like 600
folders from, from historical stuff
in, in my outlook, it
will get you those, get
you to those folders and
get you to file things
into those folders. Very, very,
very quickly. That's an outlook
add in. And it is
a, I think it's 20
bucks. If you buy more
than if you buy, if
you have like a small
company, you buy like five,
it's like 15 bucks. And
once you get up into
buying it for a lot
of people that gets really,
really cheap, Still seems like
more work, keeping things in
folders. When you could just
search for the things that
you want on whatever criteria
you want and see a
list which resembles a folder
full of things. Well, yeah,
that's a good point. So
it depends on how good
you are at searching. Right?
Cause searching itself is, is
an art, right. You know,
do you ever have that
friend? Who's the one who
seems to be able to
find stuff on Google, you
spend hours searching for something
and he knows just the
right thing. That pretty much
that person is may Scott.
Yeah. I'm that person. Yeah.
And for me, I'm that
person, right? You have search
for a fridge for Fu
and not bar, but Somebody
can tell me, I searched
all day on Google and
found nothing and I'll find
it in first two seconds.
Okay. Probably most of our
listeners are those people I
imagine. So there are a
large number of people who
I think still think in
terms of folders and, you
know, with the search tool
combined with a tool like
speed filer, you can still
search for things within a
certain folder or search for
the folder name. So the
folder in that case acts
like a tag, right? Yeah.
Right. It seems like a
good intermediary step between folders
and searching. Yeah, definitely. A
couple of other things that
speed filer does, that's pretty
slick is you can do
an alternate send items folder.
So if you're a person
that's got like an exchange
server, but it's very limited
in storage, you might want
to have an alternate folder
for your sent items like
a, like an offline PST
to save space. A lot
of people spend a lot
of time fighting with some
ridiculous limit, like a hundred
megs that their exchange server
has. So they keep a
PST. A speed file is
a really, really easy way
to help them, you know,
provide a bridge between your
exchange server and, and the
oppressive draconian methods that your
it department might have. And
the offline PST file that
you've been forced to start,
start filling. Right. So speaking
of tags and using folders
as tags, there is a
new guy on the block
within the Microsoft outlook add
in kind of world. This
has just released a couple
of what I want to
say a couple of weeks
ago. What is this? This
is the middle of the
week of the 20th. So
about 10, 15 days ago,
this was released. It's called
tag loss. Okay. And this
is really interesting. It integrates
in outlook in a, in
a little bit more obtrusive
way, but it, I wouldn't
even say obtrusive it's it
changes outlook kind of fundamentally
right now it's just for
outlook 2003, but there should
be an outlook 2007 version
out within a couple of
weeks. And this is a,
a content tagger for outlook.
You can see that you
can see this, you actually,
this might be something you
would like, So you put,
so let me guess you
put metadata on the items
and then you can search
on that metadata sort of
like a poor man's when
Fs, Well, a poor man's
in that it's inexpensive. And
in that, in that we
don't have any Winterfest. Yeah,
yeah, totally. Yeah. That's a
good point. This is at
shrinks stir slash H M
Y. And this is really,
really interesting. It'll it'll it
adds tag clouds, right. You
know what a tag cloud
is, right. I know what
tags are. What's a tag
cloud. So with tag cloud
is a way of visualizing
tags, such that the tags
that have more underlying things
with that tag, the larger
that word becomes. So imagine
a paragraph that says prop
Hansel minutes, dotnet rocks, Microsoft,
Phoebe C-sharp, and you have
a whole lot of things
underneath the C-sharp folder. Then
the word C sharp would
be very large. I see.
So it's a cloud, a
paragraph, a blurt of all
of these different tags with
different colors. You can apply
whatever color you want to
the tag, and then bigger
and smaller tags based on
how much information is behind
that tag. That's a good
visual cue for some instant
feedback. Yeah. Yeah. Adding an
additional dimension it's using both
the color and the size.
That's cool. As a way
to express more information. Yeah,
it's cool. So it appears
in outlook just at the
bottom of the, the list
of messages. So you've got
your folders, you got your
messages and then just at
the bottom, you have like
a docked built in window.
It's it's not very obtrusive
because it can take up
as much space as you
want. And it has a
splitter bar. And then the
tags appear in that. And
as you click on your
messages, you can click on
the tags. And then as
you select a message, the
tags that are currently selected
for that message will appear.
So as you scroll up
and down, it's updating itself,
but it's also active in
that you can tag things
directly from there. What's cool.
Is that in outlook, on
the preview bar, on the
right hand side there, where
you've got your subject and
your name, the tags actually
appear within that. And when
you send an email as,
as a person who uses,
the person who receives
it will get those tags
to he's actually bearing them
somewhere in the metadata of
the underlying message there in
the headers of the mail
message. So even people who
don't have Tagalog, he will
still see some of that
information when the mail gets
sent. Now, it has a
really, really interesting setup process.
That is a, it's a
wizard that lets you say,
look at this folder. And
I will glean information about
it, do some artificial intelligence
and say, wow, there's a
lot of things called DAS
blog here. I think that
DAS blog is a reasonable
tag for this. So next
time I see a message
like this I'll automatically tag
it for you. So the
auto tag feature is really,
really interesting. And it's got
a trigger threshold that you
can ratchet up and ratchet
down. You can select different
algorithms for, for doing that.
You can do auto tagging.
You can do also a
tag bar. So a bar
that appears at the top
of outlook that lets you
select it's a little bit
like flags and it kind
of piggybacks in some ways
on the flags, except you
can change the colors, change
the captions. You can have
the auto tagging. There's also
the notion of a traveling
tag. Do you want to
allow a tag to leave
your system? Like we were
talking about how you can
send a message and the
tag will go along with
it. Alright. You can say,
you can say, well, I,
I, this is a personal
tag. I don't want that
one to go along with
this email message. Public tags.
Yeah. Then you can have
tag actions. And this is
kind of like the rules
stuff that's built into outlook,
except you're saying that if
you combine the notion of
tags with the auto detection,
the kind of the basion
filtering to say, this looks
like a message about DAS
blog. I could then create
a task automatically or send
a mail or create a
meeting or move it to
a folder. Or if, if
it comes in with this
tag, unset, this other tag.
Hmm. Right. So, and then
also during the setup process,
it's kind of cool. It'll
actually log into your delicious
account. Remember delicious is the
social online tagging system. And
it will use tags from
delicious. You can actually say,
well, I want to import
tags from other places. You
can pull them in from,
from delicious. You can have
it trained on existing folders.
You can take your outlook
categories and turn them into
tags. And then, then there's
a series of common bundles.
And then this is the
cool part. Okay. So you
can do all that, right.
You can do the quick
tag and the auto tagging,
you can do filtering. So
you can say, just take
this folder. Like you have
a giant folder. You could
say, just show me these
things in the folder with
this filter, but then it
uses windows, desktop search. If
you have it installed as
the underlying engine for these
searches. So there's a, there's
a kind of an advanced
search by tag and then
a slider bar for, for
how, you know, for kind
of threshold with, with an
integrated preview window, all using
windows, desktop search underlying it.
Wow. That is a pretty
interesting, pretty interesting addition. And
I like to use these
altogether now, right now there's
a little bit of a
slowdown. If you have both
speed filer and taglines already
installed, cause they're both listening
for the same event. So
there's a little bit of
a slow down if you
have both of them installed,
but by themselves, both speed
filer, Glossier very, very fast.
So, but definitely worth checking
out. All of these of
course include trial software, but
a tagline for the purposes
of our listeners in this
show have included a 25%
off. Great. So I'll give
you that coupon ID. It's
a little hard to remember.
So we'll also put it
on the website. Okay. But
it is a Zen Zen,
the word Zen (464) 701-5965. And
we're going to put that
up on the website as
well. That's going to be
good until the end of
September. It's $10 off of
the, the tool. So it
takes it down to like
29. Wow. That's great. Thanks
Scott. Yeah, it's pretty. Yeah,
no problem. No problem. Very
much worth seeing, take a
look at their website. It's
got a screencast and demos
and things. That's a trickster
slash H M Y and
then outlook 2007. Beta support
is happening right now, kind
of in their internal lab.
And that should be out
very, very soon. So speed
filer, tagline city, another one
that is getting a lot
of press. And I would
say kind of as the,
the media darling is clear
context. I've heard about this.
Yeah. This is the one
that is kind of the
media darling right now. It's
getting a lot of talk
on the blogs. My buddy,
Omar told me about it.
A guy from work named
Dave is his, one of
his buddies is one of
the guys who works on
the team. This is more
than just kind of a
filing method. This is actually
kind of an, an information
management system. They like to
call it. It's different views
for outlook. So it's custom
views, custom kind of tags
have their own custom filtering.
So ordinarily, when you go
into outlook, you've got the
option to like short by
date sort by conversation, things
like that. And you can
sort by flag and sometimes
people will create views. You
know, if you go under
the view menu under arranged
by in outlook right now,
it's like buried. You go
view arranged by current view,
customized current view, and you
can go and define your
own views. No one ever
does this sitting right now
in your outlook. Probably right
now, I think it's in
the advanced toolbar. If you
right click and outlook in
the toolbar and say advanced,
it's a pulldown it usually
just says messages and it
just sits there and you
can pull it down right
now. And it says messages
with auto preview or show
me the last seven days
in my experience. Very rarely
do people use this. Now
what these guys do is
they basically just take that
views section and just put
it on steroids. They add
the notion of context. So
they say, show me a
context sensitive view. They will
determine by looking at your
system, by doing a big
analysis of all of your
mail, what's important and what's
not important. And they will
sort your folders based on
all that context and say
important. Stuff's going to get
turned red and we'll sort
it at the top. So
you won't necessarily see things
by date anymore. You will
really see by order of
importance, then you can apply
topics to things like tags,
like, like categories. And they'll
automatically look at your contacts,
your existing emails, and they'll
figure out what's significant. What's
not. If they notice a
lot of useless email, that's
going to get colored differently
and it's going to short,
farther down, they've got two
versions, they've got a free
personal edition that you can
get. And then they've got
their larger, what they call
IMS pro. This is the
full featured application. The big
one, this will work on
office 2000, 2003. This one's
70 bucks, but try the
free trial, the personal edition,
if you don't, if you
don't want to commit to
something so expensive, this is
the most expensive of the
three, but it arguably does
the most stuff, the free
stuff. We'll do the email
prioritization, some topic assignment and
the, the customizable views. When
you get to them, the
pro stuff, that's when you
can start doing task assignment,
delegating and differing tasks from
place to place, there's what
they call the action view,
which is I think pretty
interesting. This is like what
the home view wanted to
be an outlook. You know
how an outlook, you can
click at the top of
your, your mailbox and you
get that kind of sad
HTML view that tries to
be a dashboard, right? So
they've got this action view
basically on steroids. I keep
using that as an, as
an example is no other
good way to express that.
So Yeah, you've mentioned that
there's a slow down when
you use tag loss city
and speed filer together. Is
there, is there any issue
in running clear contacts with
tag loss city or with
speed filer or, you know,
is there any need to
run all three? Do they
have similar features? And if
they don't, would you pick
one over all three of
these in terms of, you
know, features today and the
possibility of the other features
in the future? See, that's,
that's a really good question.
That's tough because they kind
of ratchet up. I mean,
you've got speed filer at
about 20 bucks that does,
you know, kind of unobtrusive
quick filing and adding some
toolbars and allows you to
get stuff out of your
inbox quickly. Right? Remember our
initial goal here was to
inbox is stuff that you
need to process, get stuff
out of it. Clear context
does that too. Doesn't it
Sure it does that, but
it does. It does prioritization
of, of does a different
mix. So it knows, it
knows who's in, who's important.
It looks at an email
and says, well, based on
how often I talked to
this guy, how important I
think this topic is, it
provides a series of scores.
So it's much more kind
of artificial intelligence, right? It
looks at, do I know
this guy? Is it a
no address priority? How, how
in check this out? How
active am I in the
thread? Cause there's a difference
between getting a crap load
of email where I'm not
involved versus one where I'm
talking to people a lot.
That's weird. Does it watch
you? You read them too,
because you know, sometimes you
want to read, but you
don't want to reply. Yeah.
So what it's doing is
it's when it says participation,
it's talking about, am I
someone who is replying to
and deeply involved in an
ongoing thread? Or am I
just someone who's collecting the
information? Well, yeah, it'd be
nice if it knew, if
it timed you as you're
reading, you know, you pull
up an email and read
it. It's a good idea
because you email, you know,
there's a lot of stuff
that you might read, but
you might never reply to,
but you want to keep
reading it Feed demon as
an unrelated point, feed demon.
My favorite RSS reader actually
keeps track of how, how
often you're looking at different
feeds and keeps a list
of feeds you ignore and
feeds you're really into and
then ranks them. Cool. That
would be really cool to
add something like that to,
to clear context would be
this, this action view that
it adds is basically a
dashboard that says, show me
stuff I need to get
done today. You know, show
me the most urgent stuff.
So if you're into the
whole Stephen Covey urgent versus
important kind of world, or
if you're having trouble with
getting things done system, and
you want to help prioritizing,
like what is the very
next thing I need to
work on? You know, clear
context can answer those kinds
of questions with their algorithms.
What is the next action
item? Yeah, exactly. The very
next thing to do now,
clear context is a little
more expensive. They've got their
basic one, but it's the,
the full application. The $70
one is really, really full
featured. And I think tagline
city picks that nice middle
place. And then with the,
with the coupon, for our
listeners at 30 bucks, it
gives you about that nice
middle amount personally, as with
all things I say, try
them each, I would try
them. Not necessarily together. No,
I'd start at the low
end. Start with speed filer,
try it, see if you
like it, do the, do
the one week trial or
whatever, and then move your
way up. The, the chain,
I haven't had too much
trouble with them all installed,
except for the little bit
of slowdown that I've noticed
when I had just speed
filer and Paylocity install. I
believe that this is because
all of these add ins
are trying to get information
from outlook simultaneously. Right, right
there. So they're basically fighting.
I hooked those two guys
up together and I'm sure
they'll have it fixed. It's
not, it's not a huge
deal. It's not like it
locks up your system or
anything. Okay. Both clear context
and Tagalog also add information
to your contacts. So you
can actually take a contact
and tag them with information.
So when you open up
the contact, you'll see at
the bottom of the contact
form and additional location to
type in tags for a
contact, which, you know, gives
you that little, extra bit
of context that can be
attached to something while clear.
Well, clear context has the
notion of topics. It knows
about ongoing threads that you're
working on. It knows about
it adds a great deal
of views. So when you
go into the clear context
and you say, well, I
want to see everything prioritized
by day. So you could
say, I still care about
the time aspect of things,
but I want to know,
show me the, in the
emails that are prioritized for
today for tomorrow, et cetera.
Okay. All right. Very good.
Now I know that you
do a lot of work
with getting things done. You've
got a few resources here
that as they relate to
outlook with the GTD system,
Right? So, you know, GTD
by, by David Allen's company.
And if you just searched
for GTD, the first thing
on Google will be David Allen
stuff. He has an official
getting things done add in
that has been made by
a company called net centrics
and you can get it.
You can see it. It's
a trickster slash H M
U. But interestingly, I think
it's the lousiest of the,
of the, the app. Isn't
that ironic it's written in
VB six or something. It
doesn't, they have no interest
really in supporting outlook 2007,
until it's released while the
guys that are working on
Tagalog city, working on speed
filer and working on clear
conduct, clearly know that they're
the people who are interested
in getting more organized, spending,
less time filing, and more
time coding are going to
be running this beta software.
While I think the average
Joe who's into getting things
done might just be a
sales person, but there are
other ways to, Is anything
wrong with being a salesperson?
Not that there's anything wrong
with that, but they're not
listening to this show so
we can talk bad about
them. So I don't want
to get an email from
a guy who's a sales
guy. I'm a coder and
a sales guy. Yeah. So
if you want to use
getting things done or the
techniques in getting things done
and just an outlook 2007,
without any additional software, Omar
Shaheen has got a great
writeup at shrink stir slash
HMO on using the built
in features, the new, the
new categories and flags in
outlook, 2007, Simon guest also
has a writeup at shrinks
slash H M P. And
then I think I mentioned
this once before on our
original getting things done show,
but it's so, it's so
freakishly weird. It's worth mentioning.
Simon actually does most of
his work with getting things
done at a command line.
He created a getting things
done specific command line that
basically automates outlook at shrink
stir slash H M V
not something I've quite gotten
into yet, but pretty darn
interesting. He, he maintains all
of his tasks and stuff
at the command line and
he's got, he's got up
at code gallery. You can
check that out. If the,
if you like that kind
of text-based thing, it uses
text coloring. So it kind
of has an ANSI art
vibe to it. And then
Larry O'Brien has got an interesting
thing where he does getting
things done in one note
and one note 12. Yeah.
At strength slash H M
S one note is a
really great application. I wonder
why they don't just take
the notes section of outlook
and merge it with one
note. You know, why do
we have to have these,
these sections of outlook that
just aren't even used like
journal, right. I never used
tasks in outlook. I don't
know why the notes section
exists probably because of a
backward compatibility with old Palm
pilots, maybe. Hmm. But take
a look at that at
shrinker slash HMS. Now one
very interesting and slightly odd
time manager is a tool
called Cyrell consistency. S C
I R a L it's
shrink stir slash HMR. This
is very, very strange application.
This is not I'm in
the same league as an,
a full on outlook time
manager. This is a gosh,
I don't even how to
explain it. You kind of
have to see it. It
fills a space. They like
to say on their site,
that it fits in that
niche between calendar and to
do list. Basically it is
if you have a series
of repeatable, but not particularly
time sensitive tasks that need
to get done, but they
do need to get done
within a certain range, like
mow the lawn. This is
a really interesting grid, a
matrix basically, where you've got
your tasks along the Y
axis. You've got your dates
along the X. And then
as you get closer and
closer to your date that
you need to have something
done. And then as you
start getting overdue, the little
boxes that represent the intersection
between your task and your
date change color, they start
to go green, yellow, red,
and then you click to
indicate that you did that
task on that days. Like
my exercise this day, or
I did vacuuming and then
the colors reset. So then
you can just glance at
this matrix and you can
see whether or not you
are getting something done consistently.
Are you working out consistently?
Are you taking out the
trash on a regular basis?
Are you backing up your
hard drive? Really, really interesting.
Is this a standalone application
or is this work with
outlook? Nope. It's just a
tiny little application on its
own and it also has
a Mac version. It's a
little applet. That's cool. Yeah.
I suppose it'd be conceivable
to do it in something
like Excel, but it's such
a small little application that
you, you might just download
it and try it. The
really it fits if you
get the right kind of
task, right. Kind of occasionally
occurring or regularly occurring, but
not incredibly time sensitive things
that happen. You know, things
that happen over a period
of multiple days, that's a
trickster slash H M are
interesting. And just like when
we talked about the getting
things done show, this is
really about making the decision
to change a habit, right.
If you've got some bad
habit and I personally think
that having 10,000 items in
your inbox kind of allows
you habit, unless you've declared
that your inbox is also
the folder called storage. Like
you have, for me, I'd
rather have the clean inbox.
I don't mind having one
folder called storage. That's full
of stuff, as long as
I can get to it.
But if you have to
open up a folder sort
by name and then start
painfully scrolling through thousands of
emails to find something, I
think it was here somewhere.
Either get a search tool
or think about changing some
of those bad habits into
good habits. Right. It's just
about the will, isn't it
about making the decision to
change and, you know, try
one of these three tools.
We've got clear context. It
shrinks your slash H M
T we've got speed filer
at shrink stir slash H
M w. And then we've
got tag loss, city shrinks
your slash H M Y.
And then, like I said
before today, we've got a
coupon for tagline city, Z
N four six four seven
Oh one five nine, six,
five. That's good. Until the
end of September, I'm going
to put that up on
the blog. And then if
I do hear from the
other companies from speed filer
or from clear context and
get a coupon, I'll post
those on the blog at
the same location that this
show is posted on. So
you hear from those guys.
That's great. Scott, you to
man, I'm trying to meet
a man. Alright. And we'll
see you next week. I'm
Hansel minutes.